I'll turn my dad alright can you hear me
I heard you for one second and then your
voice cut out no I heard you for one
second right at the start of the call
and then since then I believe you at all
so skype is actually not blocked in
China the government does not block or
prevent you from using skype yo what's
up check one two check one two testing
check one two testing 123 testing 123
fabulous all right it is what it is man
nah man I mean the only thing I won't
hear from you you know you know when you
were sitting there you were the smartest
guy on that bench you were the smartest
guy in the room and I got a ton of fan
mail from people who only watched that
video because I shouted it out and they
wrote to me saying man you were right
cheetah was the most intelligent person
in that room you busy I know no I'm not
mad no dude I'm the one guy who knows
dude I know I know there's a difference
between you acting a fool I dude I know
there's a difference between you know
the role you play and who you really are
I know that not everyone knows that but
you know I was a guy who pointed out
with social murabba to a lot of people
put on a persona and I know you're
trolling about eighty-five percent of
the time I know it I know the difference
to who you really are who you pretend to
be and that's why you should have tried
to stay my friend man it's really a
shame because we did get each other well
enough that I could tell when you were
trolling and I can tell when you're
being who you really are and I can tell
when you're trying to be who you aspire
to become which is also a beautiful
thing man but yeah uh I don't think you
or I are here right now to talk about
friendship you ain't okay weren't you
why don't you tell me what's the of all
the things that God said to you when you
were in LA on this trip well show me
what was the most intelligent thing that
Nina and Randa said to you did they have
any words of wisdom for you that you
feel you're going to carry with you the
rest your life I mean I'm not here to
talk about my private conversations with
need and random but yes I did speak with
me in and Randa and they were very
helpful they did give me a lot of
helpful advice while I was there um so
did the rest of their family and you
know I'm
going to leave it at that for right now
but they were yes they were very
encouraging very helpful very insightful
and you know maybe not you know the life
that I want to live but they they did
offer me a marsh insight into you know
just the expo and kind of the world out
there and and I was really appreciative
of it oh wow man so you got off a nevar
and are you back on nicotine is that the
other change i'm hearing in your voice
or what because I mean last time we
talked thank you on the 12 mm you were
quitting nicotine and you were on the
pills yeah um I'm no longer on the
anavar cycle I did cycle off that a
couple of weeks at about three or four
weeks ago um and I am back to vaping um
so it's not summer time anymore i'm not
quite as into my cardiovascular
exercises i was you know a couple months
ago so i said [ __ ] it you know i mean i
was going through you know a little bit
a little bit of personal drama and i
decided to uh to break down and pick up
the vape but you know we will have our
place though no no shade no shade but I
take it also mean I mean at the end of
the day I'm doing a pretty good job
totally insane but also you you do use
some kind of exogenous testosterone or
pro hormone testosterone booster I take
it right I mean are we here to talk
about my steroid use dude it's so penny
conversation everyone cheetah yes I was
taking a nevar but i have no longer
taking it okay but i but anavar is one
thing the testosterone boosters are
another so I mean are you still using a
prohormone or a testosterone booster no
I know I haven't used testosterone
booster and quite some time okay so
that's a big that's a big change in your
life uh no I mean you know look dude I'm
we can take it yeah we'll meet me too in
case you haven't heard but you know uh
no you know I got sympathy for you it's
just you don't always have sympathy for
me but you know just a couple sympathy
or your
Hideo no no no chita chita I didn't say
you were asking cheetah I didn't say you
were asking I didn't say anything like
that but no it's it's interesting to
know that those are some of the the
changes that are in a sense on camera
all the time but they're also behind the
scenes and I can certainly imagine how
those changes in your drug habits to be
blunt will you know change the way you
conduct yourself in some of these high
stress situations so that's all I'm just
saying I can sympathize I know you don't
need my sympathy but that's cool but you
were just saying online a couple minutes
ago and I know you're trolling I know
you're playing around and I know you're
not nearly as stupid as you pretend to
be you were saying that I was on
steroids so you know I mean that's the
game you play mat and you know it's not
true but that's fine you aren't even
going to ask me about that because you
know I'm not if there was a wild hahaha
but I see um you're you're telling me
now that you're you know giving me a
little off hand compliment about my
intelligence but just a couple of day to
co you or did not see me for being one
of the biggest idiots that you've ever
tried to associate yourself with and
actually what you said is the only
reason that you reach out to me was
because of and I quote your generosity
of spirit so let's not sit here and play
this game and pretend that I you know
you think or have any respect for my
level of intelligent whatever be
academic or emotional toll chita chita
chita I don't I haven't pretended
anything on video so I'm not what's with
the cheetah I haven't cheetah cheetah I
haven't printed anything cheetah have
been I've been very honest with you
throughout enemy if you want to talk
about that yeah sure cheetah I've on
still time you just mentioned you refer
to yourself as a college dropout did you
decide to drop out of the program
because I don't follow your videos so I
don't know did that happen do you drop
out your cultural run no I'm currently
in college no okay well it's good and
blood here that good for you sorry guys
I guess you were joking before but you
said you were a culture up okay yeah no
but I mean uh been in college for quite
some time now but we all know that
well yeah but in terms your journalism
degree etc etc I mean you know I knew
your whole situation what it was can
let's go through still on that good good
positive change you know um that's
another big positive change i guess you
could say in my life but I don't imagine
we're here to talk about my my
aspirations to get a college degree
either are we well dude the last time I
was on the phone with you you were
screaming at me that I had to suck your
dick among other things so I mean in
terms of the range of behaviors that are
possible when I get on the phone with
the vegan cheetah back on that admit
that was not my most flattering moment
in time that's almost an apology cheetah
outstanding you know i'm i'm very
unapologetic you know this fun well and
you know the opposite about me i
apologize to freely when she didn't
deserve an apology i apologize to a
piece of [ __ ] like vegan revolution he's
someone you and I can both agree as a
piece of [ __ ] when he didn't deserve an
apology I apologized all kinds of people
and I reach out positive lead all kinds
people i think are scumbags i reach a
pause lee to vegan Ava so you know and
when I talk but when I would university
is furious i'm talking about do you not
think that you you know Oh a couple
certain people in a Chiefs first offhand
comments that no in your words you made
in passing I mean do you think that
maybe you might owe some sincere apology
just because you know I'm just not sure
where you're going with with your recent
content but enlighten us well cheetah I
mean I I know you actually do know
what's going on I know right now you're
playing dumb to make it better fries
which I don't fault you for and really
even in journalism that's a style yeah
and I know that you know but I mean the
difference between me and many youtubers
not all but the difference between me
and someone like happy healthy vegan or
someone like Jeff or many many channels
is that when I come on camera I am
actually sharing real emotion my real
perspective my real opinion and in
general I'm giving it to you in a very
raw and unedited form and so when I call
those people idiots I don't think anyone
who's watched even the 10 minutes out of
that video it's 20 minute video but I
don't think anyone would get to the
10-minute mark
and think that I'm trolling there's no
trolling in that video it's completely
sincere and completely to the point and
it's not pointless like I'm not calling
them idiots because I think it's funny
I'm not calling them idiots to get views
I'm doing real point that's what say but
just that's the first point the girls
looks um first of all in my personal
opinion I I'm struggling to choose your
the look cheetah your pachita you're
smarter than this man secondly secondly
secondly um you know you have a daughter
of your own and write only reason I can
see for you coming at the twins like
that is to somehow get to Jeff or the
rest of their family but that's my in my
mind yeah cheetah cheetah I appreciate
what you're doing right now as an art
form and you may remember like a year
ago I said to you that you could try
doing step yeah cheetah i'm replying to
you you pachita like any art form or
less it's some answers area she uh but
like any art form what you're doing is
inherently artificial IE fake IE
dishonest broadcasting this is very real
there's nothing really artificial about
this or about this conversation I mean
you know can we stay on topic please
Kate can you humor me and just stay on
topic police hi cheetah why don't you
look to you know your content my content
anybody's content and number two just
out of respect for the fact that you
know you're a father Jeff's a father you
know what would you do I mean if
somebody so that's a really big topic
which I'm very happy to talk about me as
a parent and my daughter I'm very hyped
up with that but you asked two questions
so i can answer the first part first
because i'm just trying to answer your
question but cheetah you know exact
the house in serum being in that video
you know I'm not playing around and also
you're smarter than you're pretending to
be the other names in that video you
know no no just washing face sense chita
chita chita chita chita now shoo for
including happy LTV get a lot of people
yeah I know yeah but you know what you
know apologize and retracting the
statements right so I'm ask you a
cheetah you actually know who Gary
Francie ona is you know you know who
Gary Yourofsky is and you know what I've
said about the stuff you actually
understand what that video is really
about you're pretending you don't
because it makes it more entertaining
but you know what that video is actually
about you get the point you're not that
dumb and most of these people playing
the game do not get the point and do not
know what the video is about why not put
Gary [ __ ] in the title of the video
well he's in the description the full
list of every single person mentioned
including breeze her I'm answer your
question I'm asked you a question
because the title of the video your
intention is a [ __ ] Gary Yourofsky why
not include him in the title why it Nina
in random who's okay because you
question my god well why are you let me
answer do you want to hear me answer I
answer that question for clothes
yesterday too chita chita chita uh you
and know you haven't wing you just asked
down that I couldn't get an answer it
cheetah you and Nina and Randa are the
people addressed within the first two
minutes of the video that's why your
names are first and the other names are
there in the order of appearance cheetah
the names are in order of appearance so
breeze Harper's name appears before Gary
Francie on a is not because breeze
harbor is more important so there is an
answer your question and in the title
that's what I don't understand because
the title isn't long enough to have 20
names in it so they can the list of
names continues in the description but
if you read the text
what it is no it's what's discussed in
the first two minutes and it's the topic
of the video that's why it's returned to
in the conclusion the video has a very
clear topic and thesis the thief look
cheetah you're playing dumb why don't
you tell me what is the thesis of the
video what is the thesis of the video
cheetah come on i broadcast in I really
don't expect you to you know to insult
me here or mix you know motivation here
or oh sure pretend you're offended
cheetah you know cheetah some questions
and I thought this would be a good
opportunity I understand so cheetah in
your opinion is this a hot or not video
is that the topic of the video you're
not that stupid you know what the videos
about so what's the topic is it Nina and
Randa hot or not is that the topic is
plenty of people done my videos were
first of all I I didn't ask what is the
topic video I asked you simply why did
you include Nina and Randa and why did
you make the statement she made about
Nina red right yeah right I man so good
right so so okay so cheetah what is the
video the wall actually I was going to
answer the second after your question
yeah I was guys the second of course you
asked you asked an interesting question
before about how my own daughter fits
into it I'm happy to talk with that but
why don't you some restaurants because
some of you have some of your Argent's
haven't watched this video swim as long
why don't you as a journalist just tell
others what is the video about because
it's not about whether or not Nina and r
and r attractive people it's that's not
topic of the video again anisul to be
quite honest I don't think the viewers
are interested in what the videos about
specifically um and and I'm personally
not asking that I I'm asking a very
direct question about um how are you
gonna interview me no cheetah how are
you gonna interview me about a video
while pretending you don't know what the
video is about or changing the topic of
the video the video what is it about
we're going to talk for 20 minutes about
a video and we're gonna pretend we don't
know what the videos about your rough
sea vegan revolution Nina and Randa or
you know a the political turmoil in
Syria regardless what you said was that
Nina and Randa and i quote are not good
um then you went on to say that you know
so it's just the ridiculous statement
that Nina and Randa are not beautiful
they're not even average-looking girls
in Los Angeles you went on specifically
to describe that Nina and Randa are
aspiring actresses and that they don't
stand out they could never be models and
then later on in the video after you
talked about Gary Yourofsky you went on
to talk about Nina and Randa were um
bikini wannabes I think it's what you
said something like that bikini wanna be
is on YouTube and that they think of
themselves as vegan leaders and how much
of a joke that is um so specifically
with that content that you produced what
do you have to say about it like we
that's what we want to talk about that's
what I want to talk about okay so your
question is what do I have to say about
it is that I'm a can ask that question
its kind of broad quite your question is
what do I have to say about it what was
your intention what was the purpose of
doing that ok that's a quest reveal was
not about mean and randa these big
rewards no she says hey Cheetah I'm
happy to answer the question if the
video is about Gary ruffs cheetah I'm
not complaining it's just a somewhat I'm
just clarifying this request early why
even include them in the title or the
content of the video so cheetah I was
just confirming that your question was
what do I think about it's fine you can
ask that question it's just like okay
you seem to be leading to a more
specific question and then your
questions what do I have to say about it
okay that's a kind of meandering around
the block question so first and foremost
if anyone's interested in the video
should watch the whole 20 minute video
cuz it very clearly sets out its
argument you put cheetah that's the
question you asked me was what do I have
to say about it so I'm gonna answer that
question now alright yeah you can change
your question that's the question you
asked cheetah if you want to ask a
better question go ahead you took all
what you took way more than two minutes
to get to that question giving you the
opportunity here in front of over 200
people
let get to it she did so your your your
question was what do I have to say about
my own video I can I totally get it now
I do so look cheetah if you don't
cooperate with you you're impossible I
love the games you play cheetah I love
it uh but if she even talk to suchita
you've just taken the world's most bland
and boring question which is what you
have to say about you've tried to spice
it up by throwing in some totally
irrelevant insults about my divorce like
as if I'm gonna lose my temper with you
to get to the to the answer or are we
gonna I mean what are we doing here sure
uh you know cheetah you know if you want
to know what I think about my video
you're very probing and deep question I
think I'm raising a really important
point that's stated on screen and a
graphic and it's also stated in the
thumbnail and that's in you know when
the words use there i was saying
compared to these idiots the
intellectuals and veganism are even
worse and talk about a series of
intellectual some of them are professors
and authors people with PhDs people in
high status positions people like carrie
Francie ohne and Wayne's Young Leaders
of foundations and lawyers no no cheetah
real vegans care and actually you care
because I remember when you used to make
cheetah you cheetah you pretend you
pretend to be stupider than you are I
remember the videos you made about them
and I remember you talking about me with
them I know you've read their stuff and
you thought about used to care a lot
about social justice issues I remember
all the phaser channel through that you
can play this game with your audience
but I know who you really are so
whatever I don't care you know this is a
persona you know me but fita you are as
much playing a character a sorcerer
mirada ok skin some of the you know the
idiots that are at the forefront of the
political movement that is veganism
right so that's what your video is about
that's what you're saying basically it
presents a contrast it presents a ver
definite thesis and you can see that in
the thumbnail different contrast besides
you know Nina and r and it seemed a
little over fandom you know it just
seemed like random but then when we
think of the history you have with bed
shores over the last couple months maybe
it's not so random oh yeah right so
cheetah a cheetah these these probing
questions you're asking me why don't you
look at the list of the last 20 or 30
videos I've made like you know I upload
a lot I've uploaded more than 400 videos
so on a daily basis I try to stop by
your channel as often as I can that's no
cheetah cheetah I'm answering your
question I'm answering your question you
asked the question Gary Yourofsky and
you're you know disagreements with with
some of the leaders this what you call
our leaders in the vegan movement I
don't think the house leader you're all
leaders what I call Nina and Leonard net
Randall leaders also the girl Rita and
then why bring my name into it I brought
your name in Charles Charles I brought
your name in because you were the
smartest guy on the bench cheetah Nina
and ran in the title you know you're
guaranteed to crack a thoughts and views
before the end of the night Emma gee I
disagree completely I think when I talk
about those other issues people really
do care and I think I got far more views
actually on my videos dealing with Gary
Yourofsky then on that video and you
know I speak to a small specialized
audience which you know again you can
play dumb but you're ready notice about
me I'm not not trying to reach a mass
audience so I talk really sincerely
British you said care about and that
includes people like Gary Yourofsky Gary
frenzy on a direct action everywhere
political and legal issues blah blah
blah and you know there are a few
thousand people who care about my
content but no I'm not trying to reach
the same audience the Nina and Rand are
reaching with their great video the lick
my body challenge so that's if I have
the floor that's what I'm you're like to
talk about with Eugene Charles as a what
get like power ue expert and you don't
mean in using mass communications to
talk about veganism what makes you the
expert if you know your
trying to pander to the smallest
audience you can possibly conceive like
what makes you the expert that that you
know and that's another question to ask
you cheetah um have you watched the
video lick my body challenge by Nina
right I have you watched the video to be
honest with you I stopped by me and
Randy's channel as often as I can but
again I consume so much content on a
daily basis I do not watch every so okay
so so you can guess from the title what
that is the lick my body challenge by
Nina and random to be honest with you it
could be anything I mean with clickbait
these days I have no idea tell tell me
about the video it's it's just what the
title suggests and it has had more than
two million views cheetah I'm sure
you're jealous what's your which what's
the problem you just asked me what
expertise do I have to judge this type
of material I would ask you how much
expertise do you think I need to form an
opinion on the content of the lick my
body challenge okay number one why why
should I care about your opinion on the
lick my body challenge oh yeah I'm just
answering your questions I'm just your
question challenge have to do with your
video they supposedly about Gary
Yourofsky oh it's it's about both as
stated it's a contrast and cheetah this
comes back to early question you asked a
question earlier that was really
interesting some of your other questions
are not so interesting but about how my
own daughter fits into it how would you
feel or how do I feel if your daughter
made that video the lick my body
challenge okay I do not think that
people like Jeff Nelson or Nina and
Randa themselves are in a position to
really front on this like they're in a
holier-than-thou position and they're
going to morally judge me for this video
of made I think in terms of the moral
judgment the fact that these young women
promoted Taco Bell is a huge ethical
issue don't pretend it isn't they did an
advertisement for Taco Bell promoting
meat and dairy and fast food okay and
they know and they make their money by
putting up videos sorry well I'm
answering you want let me finish and
they make their money by producing
videos such as the lick my body
challenge so if you think that's above
reproach you think nobody can criticize
that and even
very mild and polite terms that I did in
my channel then I think you got nothing
coming cuz that's a very reasonable
criticism that right there proves to me
that your level of emotional
intelligence is very very low because
what you did is not polite so chita
chita the direct and none of the viewers
don't agree with cheetah cheetah cheetah
you know this is cheetah the fictional
character speaking it was polite the
criticism was not not polite and the
fact that you say that it proves to us
that emotionally okay lack of emotion
okay she okay yeah so why don't you why
don't you do this as nice as me what
would be so cheetah cheetah I love this
fictional character man you are as fake
as Sorcha merova on her worst day my dad
is a professor of mass communications
thing oh wow really really cheetah I
didn't know that about you hey Cheetah
did you grow up in a small town with
dirt roads and no shoes that's great
really your dad's a professor I didn't
know that about you wait a minute
cheetah don't you insult me all the time
because my parents pay for my university
tuition unlike yourself right really
your dad's a professor thanks you you
where's like a cheetah why why didn't
you just raise the fact that your
father's a professor why is that sorry
cheetah why did you just say that look
man keep it real wherever you want to
talk about you want to talk about an
ugly mean and ran through or what I
don't give a [ __ ] but I mean you know
come on keep it real um yeah if if we
cheetah if you it's obvi I'm inai don't
know what standards you're going by but
I mean it's obvious that even randa are
not ugly it's obvious that they are
actually very attractive young girls and
I think retreated so why are you right
so let me respond to that too Gary
Francie Oni or Gary Yourofsky or any of
these other nobodys that you mentioned
like the only name that actually means
something to anybody put Nina and Randa
you know I mean so why that's what I'm
having trouble understanding the
contrast there so
well you know that's not true at all you
know those people reach a huge audience
they're tremendously influential you
know about Gary Francie own and so on
you just fronting but I know this is the
role you're playing for your audience
and whatever no point that when I books
written by nobody's that nobody's ever
heard of me maybe your constituency
worships these people but you know my
constituency just simply could care less
about what some of these clowns are
talking on right ok so you elleven every
time you bring them up on their channel
ok so so your point is people don't read
books well that actually wasn't a
question I don't mind if you ask a
questions fine but if you make a point I
can reply your point your point is
people don't read books therefore my
channel should address need and randa
and should not address people I Gary
friend sorry that was the point you just
made whereas earlier you were suggesting
the exact opposite books I said people
don't read the books that you're reading
because you know to be honest with you I
mean Gary Yourofsky I haven't made one
video about him like a year ago and I
you know nobody's talking about Gary
rusty but you okay see that so what is
your point that it's good that i made a
video about Nina and Randa because that
is what your audience wants to hear
about and your only interest is if
you're gonna like if you're gonna throw
shade at mean and randa and indirectly
throw shade at Jeff Nelson because he
did support you when oh please no it's
about adultery haider episode you know
it would be easier for you to just make
a video simply stating that and coming
at jeff directly um instead of you know
trying to sit here and tell me the
bold-faced lie until my dear is a
bold-faced lied that your video was
actually in fact about a real political
intellectual issue um that has to do
with veganism where you were really
talking about Gary Yourofsky when I
think you mentioned him once and you
mentioned mean and randa three times in
the video cheetah cheetah
chita chita I'm really glad that you're
you're off the drugs you were on before
and you're on different drugs man it
sounds like it's really helped you oh
man I'm really glad I'm really glad that
you're off the steroids chita chita I'm
really glad that you're off the steroids
I'm really glad that you're off the
testosterone I'm really I'm really glad
that you're back on nicotine you know
what because I mean the last time you
talked to me you more or less at a
nervous breakdown on camera and should
it have you repeatedly that i should i
should suck your dick so really sounds
like you come a long way cheetah but
when you're ready to deal with the exact
opposite of what you just said when
you're ready to actually talk to me
about real vegan political issues when
you don't want to pretend that this is a
tiff between myself and jeff from veg
source when you're actually willing to
deal with the content of the video
that's what i do want to talk to you you
know deep I know cuz you're a sack of
[ __ ] much as I possibly can it seems
like you talk a lot and you do you talk
a really good game but let's let's
reject the conversation chita chita
chita chita chita chita chita today and
Wayne's cheetah did you watch the video
do you I did you watch my new video
which is addressed to happy healthy
vegan answers that question yeah there's
such nice people cheetah cheetah do you
ever ask yourself that question because
all you are now is a Fame [ __ ] I just
came back from the healthy lifestyle
expo oh yeah right nections offline as I
possibly could and I I made you know i
made i established at least some really
strong acquaintance ships with some
people in los angeles and not only that
I you know I really paid attention to
more than just mice you know speech on
vegan drama at the expo and you know I
think I got a lot out of it and I
definitely think um you know I have a
much better direction of where I'm going
as a vegan and you know making real
changes and not only my light put in the
life of others so again I'm gonna have
that's great chita chita chita I'm so
happy for you why don't you keep telling
yourself that all right cheetah you make
your living cheetah you earn your living
through slander and defamation and you
know that you earn your living by coming
on the internet and saying things that
you know to be false in the hope that
your audience of morons will throw a few
extra views your way you show I cuz i
know it inside note i know other people
you slandered so cheetah I mean it's
great that you've made this uh you know
myth of your own morality vegans that's
pretty slanderous you know for another
vegan oh if you could that's another
thing I want to talk about to I mean if
you don't want to answer the last
question we can talk about this like why
play the fake vegan card like didn't we
work really hard this summer to kind of
get away from that culture didn't we
work very hard yes cheetah didn't we
what did you do what did you yeah that's
right and then you turned around and you
embrace durianrider and you claim that
my court case is fake when you know it's
real and you denounce me in the family
cheetah you claimed that you you
speculated that I had some kind of love
affair with the 16 year old when you
know I didn't you intentionally scraped
the bottom of the barrel for every crumb
Eli and recycled [ __ ] that you knew
during writer invented a thin air just
to get attention and yes you were on
drugs at the time you were high on a
nevar and I think testosterone and you
were trying to quit vey thing the fake
vegan comment I'll tell you because it
explains you cheetah explains why you're
a fake vegan cheetah cheetah you cheetah
you are a fake vegan that's the relevant
cheetah you asked me about the use of
the term fake vegan it's used to
describe people like you because
your parasite on this movement you're
not making a positive contribution
you're doing your little bit to exploit
and destroy the movement you are a fake
vegan cheetah you tell me why you think
that cuz just a few months ago you said
the exact office didn't say the exact
opposite cheetah I really didn't watch
Cheetah it's not the exact opposite of
what I said before you know I have a
certain level of tolerance 30 times you
said you thought what I was doing was
great you thought I was versatile you
said that you know even though I don't
think of myself as a political activist
you think that I'm making real political
changes and I mean you these are these
are things that you've cheetah I gave
you I gave you very specific praise
because in the past some of the things
you did were really good and the praise
I gave you was completely sincere and
cheetah you everything everything that
was good about your channel cheetah
everything cheetah everything that was I
might deduct everything that was good
about your channel you stop doing and
everything that was bad about your
channel became worse and worse and your
excuse for denouncing me last time was
that you were so hurt you were so upset
that I would dare to compare you to
during writer but the reality is today
you're worse than during writer because
when durianrider defames people at least
he's being sincere and you're playing an
insincere game and just trying to get
people's attention it's just trying to
get views and make money out of the
movement and some of us out here are
actually sincerely involved in trying to
set up a real movement if you want to
say I'm worse than during right I mean
you're entitled to your opinion but it's
a it's
giving any kind of diet advice i'm not
the one telling anybody to change their
way of life I mean I'm just entertaining
let me let me tell you the difference in
human during right when durianrider yeah
cheetah when during writer says that he
cured crohn's disease he actually
believes that when de rain writer says
that his weight loss advice will change
her life and will cure your mental
disorders and help you overcome
schizophrenia he believes that he's
speaking with conviction and when I say
in my video that I think Gary Yourofsky
is an idiot i'm not trolling either I'm
really being sincere and that's
something me and during writer have in
common we come on camera and we share
something real from our lives and you
cheetah do not even have that quality
you're a fraud and a fake and you are
the lowest rung of fake vegan chita
chita chita yourself uploads cheetah I
know you cheetah cheetah I know you I
knew you back in the day you talk to me
after your mom died etc we used to be
tight what you're doing now it's
corrosive it's fake it's bad for the
movement and it's even bad for you and I
don't care if you and cheetah I don't
care your zombies are down the cheetah
cheetah cheetah tell the truth we like
you you have all these opinions but then
you don't believe I mean they're just
opinions you don't have any real facts
or rhyme or reason behind the things you
say and you're entitled to your opinions
but you know if we're going to talk
about corrosiveness within the vegan
community I mean you've managed pretty
much to burn every single bridge out
there and we anticipate shortly oh yeah
right sheet of like if you look at the
numbers of your channel compared to mine
the only thing that's corrosive is your
channel feet up you know I mean I'm
doing really good yeah cheetah I know
you think that no I don't cheetah I
think you're a sack of [ __ ]
chita chita you've convinced me that
you're a [ __ ] unredeemable idiot sack
of [ __ ] okay you that's how you
convinced me of and I know you I know
you personally ok and a whole lot of
other people who knew you personally
they've come to the same conclusion step
by step I don't use terms like burning
bridges but you know just a couple
months ago cheetah cheetah let me finish
the sense let me finish the sense she
died lemme finish sense cheetah just a
couple months ago I invited you to join
me in Thailand this December his
connections still there's the cold Rob
yes okay sorry uh and you would have
been there Jason Xena would have been
there I invited Joe vegan fight a whole
bunch of people we're gonna have a
totally positive events initially we
plan to do it where you lived in the US
so it'd be close to you and easy for you
to go to you because your parole options
there's a totally positive low-intensity
now particular political Matt just so
that people could meet each other
face-to-face to send positive and you
know that didn't happen because of you
so you know in an alternate universe man
what's stopping you hat hold the event
cheetah we wanted to have that event for
you with the same spirit with which
before you and I ever met before you
never talk I'm the guy who made that
video congratulating you about getting
out of rehab just cuz I want to support
you and you know what your contact was
like like that in the same spirit a lot
of people just wanted to see you succeed
just want to support you want to have an
event in Thailand originally we planned
it in the states again for you chita
chita chita I know but I asked you chita
chita you may forget but she did we
asked you chita chita chita you know
what happened okay now that's never
gonna happen because of you and you took
the little bit of optimism are you know
cheetah you just told me cheetah cheetah
you just told me cheetah cheetah
jeeta you just told me I burned bridges
okay the reality is everyone who
believes in you everyone who support you
everyone in New you and everyone cared
about you you burn the bridges with them
because you tried to make a nickel and
dime out of selling fake stories about
their sex lives about their private
lives denouncing and defaming them
morally and you even did it to someone
as harmless as the vegan lasts AKA
lauren phoenix that's who you are that's
again that's who you are and that's how
you've become and the reality is yeah
that event is never going to happen but
think about how much more positive this
whole situation would be if you had just
been the guy who said yeah you know what
this thing in Thailand is positive let's
do this and again we initially offered
do in the States just for you I mean I
for this year 2016 I've got my positive
event gap-fill like I I went to my
positive event I mean I'd like to do
more positive events in 2017 too but
what I'm telling you is you know the
event shouldn't you shouldn't rely on
whether you know vegan cheetah is gonna
be there whether if you can cheat as a
scumbag or vegan cheetahs slamming
people like whatever it is it matters
cheetah cheetah really good basis to
hold an event you know depending on
vegan cheetah I mean I youtuber for
crissakes me to cheetah I'm a youtuber
to you realize that sometimes I forget
it yeah Nina and Randa are not beautiful
you remind us izel that you are a
youtuber so congratulations uh-huh so
again if you wanted to be event put the
event on that events never going to
happen now and it's really sad because
cheetah the stuff you do know cheetah a
lot of people want to work with me
that's not the issue at all cheetah you
took a positive situation cheetah you
took a pause situation where so many
people eat believed in you and so many
people supported you because at the time
when it really mattered you stood up and
did the right thing and said the right
thing in a storm of controversy about
durianrider and yes you know that was
artley opportunity for you to promote
yourself but you also took a morally
correct position and you beat the hell
out of it you made a lot of videos that
were entertaining and informative and
they told the truth and you destroyed
that and you destroyed that by telling
lies and by trying to exploit your
friendships with other people to make
little nickels and dimes telling fake
stories about their sex lives and their
private lives and their moral failings
that's what you've become you've become
somebody worse than to rewrite er you
are the lowest of the low and this and I
made videos defending Harley and you
know I did and they're still up nope no
there's always been a difference really
during rider in the Thai food festival
it was all fun and games but then you're
playing dumb you're playing dumb and you
know you are it happened to be somebody
that you were doing having look chita
chita chita stop and keep it real
cheetah I don't do fiction cheetah
cheetah I only do nonfiction cheetah
cheetah stop stop stop stop cheetah I
only do nonfiction she'd if you're not
going to keep it real we're not gonna
talk okay but I mean keep it 100% real
cheetah when you broke the story that
Harley and freely had broken up the day
their their relationship and that were
no new boyfriend girlfriend I didn't
know that I was surprised somehow you
did real reporting you did original
research you talked to somebody you've
put the piece daily figured out and then
you kind of proved your case by going
through videos and taking over this
business I when you first reported that
I didn't even believe it and eventually
we found out you were right but also you
took the time to really break down and
and report it that was real that was
real gossip cuz that said that that's
what I do i uncover it no it's not
that's what you used to do okay and then
you switch to being in a mode where you
tell malicious lies that you know we're
not true where you will go as far as
pretending that I'm on steroids that you
did a couple minutes ago where you will
go as far as pretending
that photograph some guy on a chat room
doctored of putting my face on a porn
stars body that those are legitimate
evidence where you will make up and play
games with the most outrageous lies and
you will sell out your own friends and
and you break all your own rules okay
you defame me and say malicious things
that impact me and my divorce and my
ex-wife and my daughter you have no
limits you have no druthers you have
gone from being so many people cheered
on heroically because you spoke truth to
power you challenged powerful people
like during writer when they were doing
things that are really immoral and
really criminal and now you've become
someone who panders to durianrider now
you've become someone who pretends
during writer didn't do anything wrong
when he threatened to murder me when he
threatened to have people beat me up in
the street so cheetah why did you you
tell me she you like this term you like
this term flip flop why did you flip
open that why is it that before you
thought it was wrong for during writer
to have me beaten up on the street and
dragged into jail etc and then you flip
flopped and pretended it was right and
you apologized for donating to my legal
fund that's quite a flip-flop seeing as
you think Lauren's for donating to your
legal I know I know yeah right I know
chita chita chita that's why you're a
fake vegan Facebook you keep saying he
slandered you and defamed you but the
truth is you're not famous there's
nothing to defame and the second thought
the second part is he didn't slander you
because he didn't hurt any business you
don't have an income it was wrong for me
to donate to the legal fun and
encouraged my viewers to donate to that
legal fund number one because treated
problems and a lot of fun and we didn't
really think it through all the way and
number two yes I was exploiting that for
some views and at the expense of during
rider at the time and I was angry during
rider and you know looking back on it
now I wish I would have seen things a
little bit more clearly um but you know
you know there's no legal fun I know
there's no legal see this is the sense
cheetah this is the sense in which you
are one
hundred percent cheetah you are one
hundred percent playing a fictional
character so chita chita chita chita you
are playing cheetah you are playing a
fictional character right now you are
one cheetah cheetah you are one hundred
percent playing a fictional character
right now okay yeah let's cut the
[ __ ] cheetah you have told all these
lies about me in my sex life I do want
you but you never will because you've
taken this path and you're sticking to
it you've makes you money